the constant clashes between
Karen I leave and Michelle Soifer continues the
triumph of one and the defeat of another in
different physical dexterity tests have
fact that both want to be more and more
invincible
after the lioness I am ruled by
discontent after the victory of the cobra
I leave in the box a hand was proposed to
dance hand principle rejected that by
happy ending opting for a yes I think that
I also seem to accept the challenge
I took on the challenge and I'm going to do it because
what made you change your mind because
at first I was very decided not to
make this confrontation with the
people who support me on twitter in
Facebook
then they give me this breath and for that reason
is very fine this dance told him
so I feel very good that I
I used to bind and buried all of these
challenges for both but I would ask the
production team please if you what
they could change I would because I have
bring
the laugh that swims the opportunity
partner I have to record I'm going to
meet tomorrow more with me also not
there is a lot of time you know one that
refers to it was put together well so that this
nice not the wardrobe everything however
we're going to have to be putting days
which is quite difficult now the
watch him play against care and this is
could lend to the bad
interpretations will be that perhaps the
morocha has retracted I do not know if I could
go against the clock against time but
my predisposition is always going to
being there is always going to make me want to
do it better but I do not know at what time
the more you do not fall asleep you might think
that I would have recanted and ask
a report for tomorrow at 5 o'clock
tomorrow and today you have to work
how do you make your report if not
you have time only one subject of
time is a clock only theme
only of time I want
develop and for you to have a
good show both of mechel and
mine we have to respect the
public and we have to rehearse and it
will hold this rematch on the track
of dance we do not know yet
in itself the lioness soifer promises
surprise by his hip movement
that is, it is not that it filtered and today
I want to do the same